[DX-1839] Explain Dashboard Nodes & License page (#5969)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/getting-started/using-tyk-dashboard.md

* **OPA Rules**: You can use this tab to edit your [OPA Rules](/tyk-dashboard/open-policy-agent/)- you can use these custom rules to control the behavior of all of your dashboard APIs. For example, you can restrict regular users to GET requests only, while allowing POST requests for admin roles. 

> * **Nodes & Licenses**: This page is available only for `Tyk Self Managed` installation and provides an overview of the licensing details and usage metrics for the Tyk API Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Nodes & Licenses**: This page provides an overview of the Tyk installation, including license usage metrics and Gateway status. This is available only for `Tyk Self Managed` installations.
```

    {{< img src="/img/getting-started/tabs-system-management-license.png" alt="System Management Side Bar" >}}

    1. **License Information**:

>         - **Active Gateways**: Shows the number of available active gateways. An active gateway refers to a Tyk Gateway instance currently running and actively processing API requests. This gateway can be part of a [Control Plane]({{< ref "tyk-multi-data-centre/mdcb-components#control-plane" >}}) or [Data Plane]({{< ref "tyk-multi-data-centre/mdcb-components#data-plane" >}}).

Reviewer: This is incorrect. Control Plane gateways do not handle traffic - ref. https://tyk.io/docs/tyk-multi-data-centre/mdcb-components/#control-plane.
If it's a non-MDCB deployment then there is no control plane gateway, so all gateways handle traffic.

>         - **Active Gateways**: Shows the number of available active gateways. An active gateway refers to a Tyk Gateway instance currently running and actively processing API requests. This gateway can be part of a [Control Plane]({{< ref "tyk-multi-data-centre/mdcb-components#control-plane" >}}) or [Data Plane]({{< ref "tyk-multi-data-centre/mdcb-components#data-plane" >}}).

Author: ```suggestion
        - **Active Gateways**: Shows the number of available active gateways. An active gateway refers to a Tyk Gateway instance currently running and actively processing API requests.```

        - **Total Gateways Available**: Total number of Gateways available per the license.
        - **Remaining Gateways**: Unused license slots.

>         - **License Expiry**: Represents the expiry date of the license.

Reviewer: This doesn't "represent" the expiry date - it gives an indication of how long is left until the license expires - it actually counts down (e.g. "in 8 days").

>         - **License Expiry**: Represents the expiry date of the license.

Author: ```suggestion
        - **License Expiry**: Indicates the remaining time until the license expires (e.g., 'in 8 days').
```

    2. **Active Gateways**:

        - Lists the currently active gateways along with their hostnames.
        - Includes a status indicator (green dot) to signify active connections.

    3. **License Usage**:
    
        - TODO:

    3. **Data Plane License Usage**:
    
        - TODO:

    4. **Gateway License Usage**:

        - TODO:

    5. **Total API Traffic**:

>         - Provides a visual representation of **Total API Traffic** over a period of a month or a day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Provides a visual representation of **Total API Traffic** across all Gateways in the installation. This can be viewed over the past month or day.
```
